Melonie Powers: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Hi.
Richelle Direny: How are you doing,
Melonie Powers: Well, doing much better.
Melonie Powers: When I was here.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's right. You had a toothache. Right.
Melonie Powers: Oh no, they actually
Melonie Powers: They put this pulled it out. I had to go to the oral surgeon, he
Melonie Powers: He sliced it and I had stitches. There I go back on the fist and
Melonie Powers: It feels a lot better now at it just that initial
Melonie Powers: Got it just hurt. I was out of it.
Melonie Powers: Now, getting ready to go on.
Melonie Powers: I picked up two little taste or jobs or I can go make a big, whopping grand total of $14 of
Melonie Powers: Merchandise two products will one particular story.
Melonie Powers: Every little bit helps my session.
Richelle Direny: Also also you're going to, you're going to your job right now.
Melonie Powers: No. And then when I'm done with you.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Melonie Powers: Around you know i mean that I just need to be ready so that when I which I must I pretty much know
Melonie Powers: That when I get off with you that I can just go run to these two stores.
Richelle Direny: So the two stores in for 14 hours.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, it's like you go in, like, I'm going to be going to the two. There's two loads in Kingsport, so I'll drive to those stores.
Melonie Powers: Look for the specific items, the specific brand hates called harmony on this one. I can't remember. And I'll go in there and I work through an app on the phone.
Melonie Powers: And these jobs. Once you grab them you've got six hours to complete them. So if it were like a normal did you do
Melonie Powers: I probably would have grabbed like five of them to try to make you know like $45 or so, but because everything closes at seven I just decided to be safe and only grab two because that's all that's out there, it's close enough that I know I can get into.
Richelle Direny: Let me
Richelle Direny: Know that I've heard. And I don't know if it's the same for Tennessee, but it just seems like everywhere, um, you know, Amazon is hiring. And then I saw something. I don't know what the email or where I saw where they're even like people working from home. Have you thought about like that.
Richelle Direny: Where it's like
Richelle Direny: Study
Melonie Powers: I don't have
Melonie Powers: What I would need to work at home, although I could get it if I needed it. They don't have internet here. Um, we have our cable hooked up.
Melonie Powers: But we don't have the internet hooked up. They wanted service eight arms and three legs because we're at out and kind of, you know, in my area.
Melonie Powers: And know we decided, You know, I could do it though i mean i i can i can go grab a laptop and go out to tmobile that has like $50 a month because I
Melonie Powers: Yeah T Mobile because we have them anyway. And they do cover area.
Melonie Powers: But I don't want to go do that without the job.
Melonie Powers: And then when you go out online and want to apply for those jobs which I have to anyway because I'm claiming unemployment, like the pandemic unemployment, because I was working
Melonie Powers: All those reset jobs and everything. Those were four days a week you know about 100 $120 a day depending on
Melonie Powers: Location, you were at. And when the virus came through all not only those jobs off, but even for the last few weeks, like the two that I'm going to today, and a few others that I could have picked up.
Melonie Powers: Haven't been nothing out there because of everything happening. So I applied for this pandemic unemployment and
Melonie Powers: I've got. I got three letters on the 29th of monetary redetermination
Melonie Powers: One says not eligible next one says now eligible. The third one says, you could get this. They have amounts of money there. But then when it goes down into the sections to say what you earned in each quarter is all zeros.
Melonie Powers: Will that none of that's correct. And I have already sent two emails and downloaded.
Melonie Powers: All of my paycheck stubs.
Melonie Powers: You know my bank deposits. That's for the recent working for myself to show that I was working full time and then stops to the virus that even the quarters. Before that, where I work for the call center and
Melonie Powers: What other place I can plant partners were doing that stuff before I fell down the stairs and hurt my back. But I have money in those quarters and I sent those I send all that information in the 1099, you know, and my dates and all that stuff to them.
Melonie Powers: And I put it on the original application to
Melonie Powers: So I just don't understand what's going on with it and and I try to figure it out. I was trying to figure it out earlier, and then I was just like, well,
Melonie Powers: I can sit here and do this right now. Or I could jump in the shower, get on with you go to a couple jobs, then come home.
Melonie Powers: And try and figure it out later. You know what I mean, at least make a couple bucks.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: I mean, there's, there's the other option. I don't know, like so. Sometimes, you could use your phone as a hotspot. I mean granted. I don't know if you want to do that every day all day to use your
Melonie Powers: Mind is but like I said it wouldn't take anything for me to do that. And here's the thing, like I have to apply for three jobs, a week out on their program anyway and Tennessee's workforce.
Melonie Powers: Because I already
Melonie Powers: What in May last May, when I had lost my job. I went into the Workforce Center to have her help me with my resume, you know, updated, things like that, you know, just to
Melonie Powers: Have second eyes on it you know and have somebody review it and make sure it looks right type of typos. But you know what I mean.
Melonie Powers: Is the second is on it.
Melonie Powers: And so I'm already in their system.
Melonie Powers: And now, the good thing about kind of see is, even though they're technically not paying me what I have to do is like a
Melonie Powers: A wage.
Melonie Powers: Dispute or something. I don't remember what they call it. But anyway, when you're out on their site.
Melonie Powers: And you because I already went in and updated my resume.
Melonie Powers: To reflect what I've been doing for the last few months and then any job I apply for their system keep track of it. So, I still have to claim and that way when I do my wage dispute, because it is
Melonie Powers: It's not for regular unemployment is for it even I don't understand all the rules. I don't think they do either. I wouldn't have had three letters in one day, but I'm so I'm still going to be applying for jobs. So, and there's jobs out there lots of cashier jobs, things like that.
Melonie Powers: You know, to get away from this little piecemeal crap that I've been doing either, you know, so I have to apply for. If I want to be paid. I guess I should say that page.
Richelle Direny: Curling iron
Melonie Powers: And I know turned it off.
Melonie Powers: I have little things for me. So I've been there but you know what that is.
Melonie Powers: I redid my bathroom right
Melonie Powers: Which is a disaster right now but
Melonie Powers: We painted all these shells and put this thing on the mirror new lights and handles and you know everything. And I found that little thing at your store and it was
Melonie Powers: For wine.
Richelle Direny: To drop the line in. Oh, you know, I've seen someone with that on their wall. It's really cute like it's this whole thing and you drop all the different models of wines in it.
Melonie Powers: Right, well my thing was I was out looking for somewhere to hold my hot, hot curly hair and stuff. And this was the only one that wasn't branded as wine. Now I got for like six bucks and to get them out on Amazon. They're like 2122 23 bucks.
Melonie Powers: I was like, that is going to work perfect because
Melonie Powers: You know, it's like that feel like
Melonie Powers: Whatnot so
Richelle Direny: And then I got nervous because I know like you're talking and because you're going to go out, you might forget that. Oh, crap. I didn't
Melonie Powers: Know, leaving my bathroom disaster which I don't generally can't stand it helps me but
Melonie Powers: Oh,
Melonie Powers: Are you going to do right
Richelle Direny: So how are you, how is everything going, um,
Richelle Direny: I know like it like in our last few groups like you were
Richelle Direny: Only thing on sharing. I know you don't necessarily always want to share in a bigger group setting.
Melonie Powers: Well, you know, my deal with the curse is in again. You know, I know that you think
Melonie Powers: I don't know, it's just like they're so far away from where where I am in some in a lot of ways, but it's like you know like
Melonie Powers: My relationship with my kids and stuff like that girl that was talking about her kids, things like that. Well, I get it. But you know my issues with from divorce you know my ex husband, he'll be
Melonie Powers: If you do that, it was for 50 for here.
Melonie Powers: You know, basically, my kids came with me and stuff, but she went back to Colorado, because that's where all of the school friends, family, everything she had
Melonie Powers: I had been with her, you know, she's got a year with me in Florida, things like that. But she wanted to go back to her friends know her dad basically home over my head. The whole child support things you've already mean now he had her own Colorado.
Richelle Direny: So why don't
Richelle Direny: You try support when she's with him.
Melonie Powers: I would pay and I played it before I did it for my son.
Melonie Powers: But, you know,
Melonie Powers: When I pay child support for my son.
Melonie Powers: I never had a problem with that. I work that I work with them to make money and have a problem because I understand what it takes. Right.
Melonie Powers: But he knew that I was financially strapped down in Florida, and he knew that he could really screw me. So basically he got the pull the strings of whenever I see her talk to her.
Melonie Powers: I don't believe that any of my Christmas present that to her. I don't believe that a card, anything goes. I never got any call drinking and then like
Melonie Powers: You know, almost a year goes by and it's summer coming because he wants her to learn how to die.
Melonie Powers: And I worked for a dive company. You know, when I was arrested. You know I made myself a rescue diver and he knew I could get her diving certificate done for free.
Melonie Powers: With one of our instructors, which is not free. You know, I give them a little tip is how it works. You know, but they do it. Sorry chorus and, you know, so then he sent her out for like a week.
Melonie Powers: And she hates diving right she doesn't, she's not. Some people are not good underwater. She does.
Melonie Powers: It wasn't for her and something that's so dangerous. You don't push your child to do so she she got her
Melonie Powers: Her halfway through down, you know, which means she could go finish that with a later date or whatnot, if she wanted to
Melonie Powers: She, she closed her dad earrings or a new ass because you know she is not strong enough. Although this kid is all states swimmer that a full scholarship to school, but it's different. And anyway, and then it was just like, and I didn't see her after that and
Melonie Powers: She's so brainwashed from him now. And I guess the point here is not. Yeah, I understand. Problems with, you know, my problem with my children.
Melonie Powers: Stems from other thing, it's not
Melonie Powers: You know,
Melonie Powers: It's not because I was out doing all these drugs God because I was out partying, like a rock star. It was because it was, I was so expensive to live down there is a brand new buyer mean I mean there's just no way I could do something that
Melonie Powers: The person that he is and having her and being able to hang out my thing over my head and destroyed that relationship. So, I mean, I get those kinds of things that
Melonie Powers: I legitimately got hurt at Horace Mann, you know I legitimately was put on all those medications. I told them as your kid and you do get addicted to it, you can't not get addicted to that I'm the person you know that when I found the alternative
Melonie Powers: And and went, Wow, this. Give me my life back to change.
Melonie Powers: Because they
Richelle Direny: Are you
Richelle Direny: Pressing me you resonated with her because
Richelle Direny: Here is yes your addiction story.
Richelle Direny: But then, here's the backstory and no one cares thing here, or even understand the backstory to the addiction. So they just look at the addiction and now you lose everything because of the addiction and then
Richelle Direny: When you're nice to people right Walker.
Melonie Powers: Yep. You want to walk around a call me a drug addict. Well, listen, I can go into a bar, sit down and have a beer. I don't need three I need. I don't need I don't go I don't spend money on something drugs actually not that girl. I never had them as always I'm legitimate.
Melonie Powers: And that's what, that's where I do not identify. I mean, I do identify. I mean, I know it's hard coming out of that crap. I did it. I had to do it for myself, I had to go without it for a long time to make sure
Melonie Powers: That I truly have still in pain to let it get out of my system and all that kind of stuff for a while. You can't just go like a couple days.
Melonie Powers: You know, because they still have in your body hurts your, your feel horrible. You're awful, you know, for a while.
Melonie Powers: You know, I've been through all of that but not because somebody put me there. They're not because I got in trouble. Not because that you know what I mean.
Melonie Powers: I did it for myself and get it because I thought that there was a better way. And there was. And that's why I've been on the program or well over. I just got to be well over eight years now. I've lost track.
Melonie Powers: And that's why you know like it. My thought it was hard coming to kind of see that my doctors and Florida always understood that. That's why they didn't have a problem like my health problem and you know my address because they knew my entire story. They knew every time.
Melonie Powers: You know, and
Melonie Powers: Then I come, Tennessee can't find a doctor and nobody will take me all they hear me, I'm shooting drugs, if that's really the reality here.
Melonie Powers: And that's how I got into my heart was because and that's why. And that's why we're i go i don't know i i'm not going to add a meeting in the corner and Amy can be, you know, and I understand. I have to see the happy requirements. That's just life.
Melonie Powers: But
Melonie Powers: I can't met I get really aggravated because it's just it's a little bit nuts. Every time I go into those is like a nutshell.
Melonie Powers: That horrible feeling where somebody judging all the time. I don't fit that mold and I've been trying to like
Melonie Powers: You know,
Melonie Powers: You know, I have relationship.
Melonie Powers: Going on, you know, there's had health problems that you know what our reality and
Melonie Powers: It's made my life so
Melonie Powers: They kidding on stroke. So many years ago when they were still dishing out pillows, like they were working
Melonie Powers: They had I known back then what I know now about
Melonie Powers: Most likely, but you know what other
Melonie Powers: And you don't
Melonie Powers: Want to
Melonie Powers: Be where you were.
Richelle Direny: So I have this question then.
Richelle Direny: Because basically, what I'm hearing
Melonie Powers: You're saying
Richelle Direny: I just want to ensure that I'm on the same page and perfectly right.
Understanding
Richelle Direny: How the group's make you feel, whether it's a na or even in this time for whatever group that you go to, and everyone that's in it. And some of the things that they may share. That's like a tinge of a
Richelle Direny: Mirror to what you
Melonie Powers: Want through and like you understand
Richelle Direny: To some degree, you still need to you, you're feeling judged.
Richelle Direny: Her or your field categorized.
Melonie Powers: By yeah
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you're being classified as an addict knowing your story, knowing what your backstory is
Richelle Direny: Now is that
Richelle Direny: What makes you put you in this place.
Richelle Direny: This this dark place that you enter when you hear all of this, or you're getting this
Richelle Direny: Classification is
This kind of
Richelle Direny: Your husband or your family or your children someone looked at you.
Richelle Direny: read to you, is that what it reminds you up like it.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, I mean, yeah, he hung that over my head.
Melonie Powers: was doing was getting better. You know, I was, I changed my life better.
Melonie Powers: Been on real heart. I had a doctor. My one of my last doctors wanted to put me on real fentanyl patches. You know, I'm an avid reader and
Melonie Powers: I do my own homework every day, you know, and I mean about less than what
Melonie Powers: They are dying.
Melonie Powers: That's how
Melonie Powers: Drunk today. I never took over. I said no. And that's where we and then that was in Colorado, because I had moved to Florida back in Colorado. So we're gonna divorce and all that stuff. And then that before.
Melonie Powers: But that's when I started looking for other solutions. I'm like, at that time, I was, I was like, I'm young enough you know whether I can still work. I can still do things, you know. And now, especially, I have to be a lot more careful what I do. But I can still work it out to think
Melonie Powers: I just pay for it that I'm used to that. But the reality is, you know, yes. He hung over my head for years and years and years.
Melonie Powers: And I was going through and you know times where I had no insurance and nothing. So I'm going in with, you know, the good Rx card, trying to get my prescriptions, you know, frickin Suboxone even with that I was I was having to pay almost 500
Melonie Powers: bucks a month to stay on my program, you know that I put myself on
Melonie Powers: And it was just like so. Yeah, I was.
Melonie Powers: That I you know I was working in things like that I had good job, but having insurance.
Melonie Powers: lose everything out, you know,
Melonie Powers: Water. I was surviving
Melonie Powers: You know month
Richelle Direny: Like there's a little bit of PTSD there when you talk about
Melonie Powers: PTSD.
Richelle Direny: You know what I found, I found a letter that I wrote in back in
Melonie Powers: But I would like to, you know, how you just trying
Melonie Powers: To sell
Melonie Powers: It right now.
I'm
Richelle Direny: All about you.
Melonie Powers: Turn on your TV, a little bit.
Melonie Powers: But understanding yeah you know i i remember you know all this stuff and then I read that letter, and it really brought me how bad
Melonie Powers: How bad that marriage was because that was about a specific incident where
Melonie Powers: I was with my girlfriend.
Melonie Powers: Who is shooting and we're in the basement and
Melonie Powers: It's horrible.
Melonie Powers: You know, and it's no joke when somebody is shooting at you. I lost my best friends over that, you know,
Melonie Powers: You never would you come back tomorrow. He's a fucking psycho, you know,
Melonie Powers: Would you come over
Richelle Direny: Here, if someone is shooting just in the air just shooting randomly.
Melonie Powers: Know, and that's and that was the other thing is I'm reading I'm going oh yeah and all my good Christian from hell neighbors, you know, because they were all these
Richelle Direny: Christians for what
Melonie Powers: They are yeah they're there, you know, because I would run out of my house screaming be feeding on me.
Melonie Powers: And he would drag me back into the house. I'm grabbing trees, you know, my hands are all cut, not one of these, what I call them, you're surrounded by the Colorado Springs.
Melonie Powers: That higher subdivision was and I know all my neighbors. I know what they were, they were that you know kids never once did they call the police to try to get me help.
Melonie Powers: The only time that the police have called us. I called them and the second time or third time, they took me in with him because the lady Cup, the lady cup said
Melonie Powers: You shouldn't be here.
Melonie Powers: Because now it's my fault because I called a call we got divorced. I came back. We got actually you know we got back together. We almost got remarried. That's how sucked into all this that was
Melonie Powers: And then
Melonie Powers: Finally, ended up leaving going to Florida. But my point is, you know, yeah, there's bad things.
Melonie Powers: You know this man choking. Now, I thought it was a done deal. You know, he
Melonie Powers: He me
Richelle Direny: And did you did you say that you you have gotten um you had gotten counseling after you had gotten a divorce and out of the relationship
Melonie Powers: Over the domestic abuse and
Melonie Powers: They. I mean, I've always pretty much Bennett counseling counseling through all that he was in counseling with me sometimes, but answer that pretty much my whole life.
Melonie Powers: When I especially depending on the money situation, but there's counselors out there, don't you know what I mean. They don't charge you an arm and a leg you know they're there for real reasons. You know what I mean, they're not in it for the money.
Melonie Powers: And I'm
Melonie Powers: So even all through the Florida and all that. I've had different counselors all through the air. Even when I got here. I had a counselor before I got with you guys and I stopped as her because I can't afford both, you know, and I just need everybody on the same page.
Melonie Powers: Really
Melonie Powers: So,
Melonie Powers: There isn't you know and so yeah so I you know now I live now you know with, you know, oh, I have a bipolar diagnosis. I have post traumatic.
Melonie Powers: Stress Disorder diagnosis. I have a message depression diagnosis. I've tried to mix up one time and they count I succeeded in doing it and they brought me back to me.
Melonie Powers: I'm not happy person.
Melonie Powers: It's not just going to suddenly change.
Richelle Direny: Your it's not going to suddenly change but um you know it's it with everything. It's like working through it. It's working, doing
Melonie Powers: It. I could not even had I not been going through my paperwork. I couldn't even told you about that event because if I have it buried
Richelle Direny: So what made you go through
Richelle Direny: What made you go through
Richelle Direny: You were looking for something
Melonie Powers: Yes.
Melonie Powers: Oh my old notes.
Melonie Powers: Right, you know,
Melonie Powers: It happened to pick that one up. You know, I wasn't writing to someone
Melonie Powers: Writing, you know,
Richelle Direny: When you, when you read them do that day when you read it.
Richelle Direny: What was your emotion like how did you handle it.
Melonie Powers: Was last night.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it was last night, you were reading it.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, I just went, oh my god.
Melonie Powers: Well,
Melonie Powers: Remember,
Melonie Powers: Once I read it, I remember
Melonie Powers: You know, I remember how afraid. I wasn't, I remember being in the face. I remember. Oh.
Melonie Powers: I remember inching up, you know, hoping that my friends.
Melonie Powers: In a way.
Melonie Powers: When they're shot going off in a residential area, a high end from central area A
Melonie Powers: No cost.
Melonie Powers: You know,
Melonie Powers: I just remember being important
Melonie Powers: And I wrote about it. That's exactly what I mean. Hours a day literally lost my mind.
Melonie Powers: Confident, you know,
Melonie Powers: Mess.
Melonie Powers: With number
Melonie Powers: And that's just part of it, you know.
Melonie Powers: One.
Melonie Powers: And
Melonie Powers: I don't
Melonie Powers: Know,
Richelle Direny: So during this time where you were, where your children living with you at that time that was going on or
Melonie Powers: Yes, it was a baby, you know,
Melonie Powers: Through a baby through up. Well, I mean her whole life until
Melonie Powers: I went to Florida, but all through. We didn't actually we were together for 15 years
Melonie Powers: Pretty much total between, you know, being together finally getting married we had a face before we got married. We got married and we got the board. So we got together, you know,
Melonie Powers: Oh, but you know she was pretty much very young and Dustin, my friend. He's there almost exactly 10 years apart.
Melonie Powers: And he was in and out of
Melonie Powers: You, you know, he used his dad and myself against each other. The problem child.
Melonie Powers: Back then, you know, like I said, we're good job in Colorado. I had insurance, you know, I had
Melonie Powers: I literally had him in a whole time you know treatment center.
Melonie Powers: In Denver, because I was afraid for my life with my own son. At that point, you know, and then my, you know, my husband, all the time, you know, the court order, you know, you have to go through the court system to get the insurance friends out me
Melonie Powers: And they said, you know, you have all weapons out of your house and everything. So when he comes to visit the over
Melonie Powers: There, you know, that's gone and
Melonie Powers: Daniel I like the three year old that he doesn't have it, because you know my medical store is hunting rifles and all of your craft and dad's house mile away.
Melonie Powers: Like, like that. It's just because we always. It was just like Dustin was always like third wheel, you know, he grew up to the wire life like that. I know why he is. He is, you know, you can be treated if you're not one of your life and
Melonie Powers: You know, it doesn't work that way.
Melonie Powers: No, I mean, I mean, you know, all these relationships. I got into marriages.
Melonie Powers: Boyfriend
Melonie Powers: In a minute.
Richelle Direny: So how are things going, even with the
Richelle Direny: With your current
Richelle Direny: Especially now with the hope with the quarantine is. I mean, how is that for you.
Melonie Powers: Were
Melonie Powers: You know,
Melonie Powers: So,
Melonie Powers: We have, you know,
Melonie Powers: Every night.
Melonie Powers: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you no longer in their own
Melonie Powers: Never have.
Melonie Powers: Never
Richelle Direny: So that's it. So what I'm so given that he's home or do you how it. How is the communication now that he's home more
Melonie Powers: Better, you know, but you know
Melonie Powers: Things have calmed down because I'm not angry all the time. And that's just me because that's how I do ship, you know, very
Melonie Powers: And this stuff happened.
Melonie Powers: It's taken a lot of
Melonie Powers: Effort.
Melonie Powers: Very
Melonie Powers: But it doesn't go away.
Richelle Direny: So this is one of the things that we talked about, because I know we were talking about it in our last one on one session I'm
Richelle Direny: Speaking to what exactly you just said it's taking a lot of effort for you to bury it.
Richelle Direny: And we talked about, okay, well just taking those those little baby steps like what are some things that you're doing to try to
Richelle Direny: Work through it. It's not just taking it and like it didn't happen and not wanting to process it and trying to suppress it because just like with anything. Um, if you have a soda bottle you shake it up.
Richelle Direny: To release the pressure, you have to slowly slowly opening so it doesn't explode. So
Melonie Powers: Right.
Richelle Direny: What are some of the things that you're you're doing and in all of the therapy. You've had all over the years.
Richelle Direny: As you said you like you've always been an active therapy, what I what the recommendations that has given to you. What are some of the things that you do to try to slowly.
Richelle Direny: Work through the pain and the hurt and everything that you've gone through, I
Melonie Powers: Mean I
Melonie Powers: There's nothing that makes it
Melonie Powers: Go away. You know, it's like
Melonie Powers: I'm almost obsessive compulsive about my house. You know I redo the bathroom I redid that bedroom bedroom bedroom.
Melonie Powers: Bedroom I've got, I've just moved to LA. Now, sir, I do that.
Melonie Powers: Once every few weeks.
Melonie Powers: I go to my garden.
Melonie Powers: I when
Melonie Powers: I you know I used to have my ocean.
Melonie Powers: Now I swim in the summer winners, especially a hard
Melonie Powers: You know,
Melonie Powers: Maybe the three minute, you know, that's my my drummer, let's say, my God, you know, I try really needed teacher, but I need a job to pay for teacher me what do
Melonie Powers: I do
Melonie Powers: Here's my general thing I sleep for like two days and then I get up and I manfully
Melonie Powers: manically litter.
Melonie Powers: Clean or
Melonie Powers: going outside doing pushes you know whatever I start nothing my feelings. I was doing my walls and ceilings last night with a new tool. Gosh, I got I'm the person, then I'll go manically in it and I slept in the reason last night.
Melonie Powers: She gave me I'm
Melonie Powers: Lucky. I was
Richelle Direny: She just something to help with
Richelle Direny: It to help with that we
Melonie Powers: Really help
Melonie Powers: Us.
Richelle Direny: A lot. You're breaking
Melonie Powers: It really
Melonie Powers: It might be. I might be listening.
Richelle Direny: You said that regard repentant does one
Melonie Powers: Well, I think in this instance is more effective than your and yesterday with me. Okay. And I fall asleep on the couch, you know, and then we had we've had roofers here for. They just left it been here from
Melonie Powers: Well, when I was in group. They were here even
Melonie Powers: So they finally left today, but I'm
Melonie Powers: I slept for them to have it. I finally got some sleep, but had I not had something that
Melonie Powers: You know, I would have been up all night.
Melonie Powers: And then I would have just stayed up a whole day and then I will go sleep for a few days and then I, you know, it's just this. It's crazy. It's not healthy. It's not, you know, okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, when you think about in a typical now that you'd like when you took the government and yesterday.
Richelle Direny: And how you slept in comparison to other days do you did you feel a whole lot better with the sleep that you got
Melonie Powers: My back feels pretty good. Um, you know, I've taken all my meds, you know, like, like it's supposed to. And we also have it posted on to
Melonie Powers: Declare
Melonie Powers: Like a wolf hair or I can't remember what they call the brand name but and then you can only take two a day but they work a lot better on pain with my Suboxone and it gets me off of, you know, the ibuprofen so many times today.
Melonie Powers: It's all bad for you, you know, all bad for your liver, kidneys, I didn't want to take in for those for those a day.
Melonie Powers: And it wanted something so work longer, and work I changed that and we added that it's taking
Melonie Powers: You know, taking my what second half of my
Melonie Powers: Xanax, if you're going to have with me.
Melonie Powers: When I go to
Melonie Powers: Another half probably later when I'm done with my first store all the way home. I know.
Melonie Powers: How to do that because
Melonie Powers: Eat me level today, you know,
Melonie Powers: And I took my
Melonie Powers: My Adderall.
Melonie Powers: Which I always take my Adderall.
Melonie Powers: Especially when an order. So it took a day and I had my doctor drop those because he had me on 90 a month at 20 milligrams and I spoke
Melonie Powers: And ending up with a whole bunch leftover to drop them because I really need them. When I'm working on things like that, you know, we talked me down to a day and
Melonie Powers: So,
Richelle Direny: With the work you're doing it. Um, it helps like it's not strenuous on your body because I know like, you know, what's your back and everything else. It's affected other topics.
Melonie Powers: Want
Melonie Powers: It done. I know this is not i'm not low on heavy product off. And yeah, really, it'll be whatever their displays. You know, you just make sure there's no extra element to
Melonie Powers: It could be like a mobile phone to play.
Melonie Powers: We're a lot, you know, the plugins that you're following that kind of stuff. And the ones I'm going to go through today is like
Melonie Powers: Hats lotion, things like that, or summer. Summer um it was one that was credit card, you know, pre paid card.
Melonie Powers: Will store final tip cards fall off whatever was getting ready to expire on give the managers threats, things like that. So this is easy. It just doesn't pay anything.
Melonie Powers: And all the other jobs are that did pay like basically couldn't. Anyway, um, but, so I was making a lot more money and because of all that stuff.
Melonie Powers: And I am the kind of person where I will hurt myself and go work for four days, you know,
Melonie Powers: I'll do that. I do that so
Richelle Direny: I mean, I know now.
Richelle Direny: And I know like, even though you know you're going to make a little bit of money between these two things that you're about to do. I would definitely encourage to wear your protective gear in. I mean, you have and you have everything as you're going out.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, I got it all.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Does not mean that will be added stress or if you're
Richelle Direny: really sick. And then you can't go out to work in the future.
Melonie Powers: Know that it actually on on he or she sent on, we've got we've got the math. I got my car, my need. And when I'm out, you know, not really, but, um, it's got the little thing on it but it, it has REPLACEABLE FILTERS things that go through it.
Melonie Powers: They're pretty good math. They're not medical all do that medical but they're better than the homemade one so you know what I mean, you can
Bring them it
Melonie Powers: Is hard for me to breathe in it and I can't wear my glasses glasses, but it's okay. I need my glasses for driving you know
Melonie Powers: Okay, once I get to the store. I can take the glasses off easily forget. And then I
Melonie Powers: end up throwing my first because I don't want my glasses.
Melonie Powers: So whatever
Melonie Powers: And I have love
Melonie Powers: We did so much work around the house. We have
Melonie Powers: several pairs that and I can you know the kind of tech your hands and you still use your phone.
Melonie Powers: Your phone
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because in the past, you used to work with a cleaning
Richelle Direny: Company. Right.
Melonie Powers: I have worked with me. I have I have those panels. But that's not what I want.
Melonie Powers: Because I wouldn't want Robert you know the title one
Melonie Powers: Like what they would do, because my rants catch on them and he just
Melonie Powers: Hold on. Right on.
Melonie Powers: So these ones, you know, these ones don't.
Melonie Powers: Don't and they're nice and paid on your hand, you could still play your song.
Melonie Powers: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean, it's just you know your own self care. And the thing that you do to take care of yourself not to have any more stressors to yourself, um,
Richelle Direny: Because I know you have like all the other underlining illnesses and everything and with everything that's going on while you still want to make generate some type of income, but at the same time you want to be, you know, you don't want to add more to yourself.
Richelle Direny: Right help it, but I'm sure you do that you swim. You said like, one of the things you swim. I know you have a pool. Do you do like any kind of like yoga exercises, anything like that.
Melonie Powers: Well yeah i i use the full like i mean
Melonie Powers: I happy.
Melonie Powers: My he hardly ever dismantling every order the whole new cool frame we tried to save her old but it wasn't even though we have a new liner and all that, that we had bought for the other one and we
Melonie Powers: A now we've got a metal, metal frame of grounds that will, you know, so the 24 foot a nice big is the North back and all that, but it's on its way. And
Melonie Powers: You know, it's like I'm dying pulled it off like a sister. You know, when she knew we had like $2,000 for the roof of dollars.
Melonie Powers: You know, she said. The $500 for his birthday, you know, like, and it's just it's somehow she she knows you know there's problem money because we're Unlimited income. If I don't do. I'm not working. So, and I guess that's really bothering me right now. We can play, even though
Melonie Powers: Or whatever I had saved over $1,000 to get work done on it, you know, and analysis nickeled and dimed away because that's what happened it close to death, you know, and he said, living trying to do here, you know,
Melonie Powers: Garden animal, you know, and I just nickeled and now here. I said, you know,
Melonie Powers: It won't be like, it won't be that like this. I have to fly for three a week 30 here like I have to go there on Sunday and show that I've done that. And in the meantime, I can still be little sounds like is there still out there and available.
Melonie Powers: To two to three more. And it's not much money, but it's it's enough to help cover these little things, you know, like, I don't have to pull that $15 out of his money, you know, day which is technically I did back into our system do nothing.
Melonie Powers: And then
Melonie Powers: Somewhere or whatever my make, you know, fill up the gas chamber, you know, get some groceries or, you know,
Melonie Powers: Me dog food. You know, things like that.
Melonie Powers: But I'm just not the same. And I need a real job.
Melonie Powers: In it want to work part time because I have so much going on all the
Richelle Direny: You know anything
Richelle Direny: We talked about it before I'm are you want to work part time but it's like finding that
Richelle Direny: That consistent part time where you're not having to like you have like that one consistent part time job.
Richelle Direny: That you're doing and and it's I know especially now, it's going to be a little bit harder because they're slowly opening up
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, places of businesses and all this different stuff. But then you also have like these big giant stores like Jason J. Crew.
Richelle Direny: I think it's called J. Crew and just all these other so blooming, or is it Bloomingdale's and we're Nordstrom Nordstrom, I think, like they're fighting for. Great. What's it like so there are all these things that are happening because of the pandemic, but um
Melonie Powers: It's just a lot of growth. So
Melonie Powers: That's really what I'm looking for something small grocery store Dollar Store. We have our general here. I swear to God, one file.
Melonie Powers: Or, you know, our food. My or whatever because we, I really only bring in $1,000 let us live really comfortably. Does that make sense.
Melonie Powers: Um,
Melonie Powers: And
Melonie Powers: And that even gives me my own way. And then, you know, because I getting my teeth I yeah I have dental insurance and I have great great insurance. The dental there's still stuff that I need done. It doesn't cover it, you know. So I have faith that I find a way
Melonie Powers: So, you know,
Melonie Powers: Working to let us be okay you know it'll that extra thousand dollars a month allows us to buy the chemicals, the cool things like that, you know, it allows me to buy all the things I need my garden right going. It allows me to
Melonie Powers: You know, my little crab. You know, I've always got some new
Melonie Powers: Windows, whatever. You know how I young
Melonie Powers: But
Melonie Powers: It allows you
Richelle Direny: So you're able to. So for the most part, you're a bit
Richelle Direny: You're able to stay afloat, you're able to do the things that needs to be done and take care of all that needs that you need. You just need some consistency with working everything else. You just consistent
Melonie Powers: Right and well. And the good thing is now even though, and because the job socking away. But now I understand planner. I understand restocking I understand how to build
Melonie Powers: You know, the things in the stores, you know, that are all the displays and things like that and how how to go in price have to the pricing on offer.
Melonie Powers: But since I have all of those fields know I can apply to Z, you know, grocery stores and most likely to hire me. I believe now because I have those skills. I didn't have them before.
Melonie Powers: I had a little bit of them you know I had a little. No, I don't have a fully we're taking stores completely down and rebuilding them. We took a rate we were taking ready out completely and rebuilding on
Melonie Powers: Walgreens. So we are put the show.
Melonie Powers: Show.
Melonie Powers: You know the pricing on putting in for this will go, you know, I get it, you know, that will help me get into a
Melonie Powers: Part time probably grocery store, you know, working in some departments. I don't want to be a capture certain crazy
Melonie Powers: But
Melonie Powers: Or cashier sometimes and maybe department.
Melonie Powers: I would love to do like for part time and help out wherever you know
Melonie Powers: But I mean I have a lot more skills or where I can get. And it doesn't matter that the pain low really if I'm working say 30 hours a week 2930 wherever
Melonie Powers: I'm still going to bring home what I need and not be so stressed out. I don't have to worry about, you know, I used to eat dollars an hour, you know, and now I make less than I needed.
Melonie Powers: Something you know
Yeah.
Melonie Powers: Seriously, not a joke. You know, but, um, it doesn't really matter. I'm not under that pressure, you know, you do have to do that right now.
Richelle Direny: Let me ask
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. I mean it's, you can start. I mean, apply as those those a lot of the stores are starting to come open
Melonie Powers: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Now you're going to start consistently coming to group on Wednesdays. Right.
Melonie Powers: Well, we were doing. I'm trying to do you one week and and group. The next week, so like I did, I did yesterday and I'm with you today because
Richelle Direny: Wednesday. Yeah, you did group on Wednesday. So then you'll do group next week. So then the week of the wealth which is going to be a Tuesday.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, we'll see. I'll need to do then is, kind of, I'm going to kind of have to because I'm like this. This was a, you know, like every two weeks, we had scheduled. So when I came into groups that was the time. Also, when I medication would be renewed right
Melonie Powers: Um, and then trying to schedule you on an off week
Melonie Powers: Excuse me. So, what will happen right now. You know, I did this for
Melonie Powers: You I'm 30 now I can either see you next week or go to group, but that
Richelle Direny: You gotta
Richelle Direny: You gotta go to group next week.
Melonie Powers: And then I'll schedule you in there somewhere. But if the event.
Melonie Powers: I still have to go to herb again on the 13th, because that's my you know repo. You know, like, I'll go next week, just because they, you know, doing something weekly
Richelle Direny: So this and then
Richelle Direny: This is what we can do, we can meet. We can check in with each other. If you would like, once I'm
Richelle Direny: Once a month when you do the group three times a month or you can do group twice a month and we meet twice a month. It's up to you.
Melonie Powers: Well, that's what I was trying to meet with you twice because I get a lot more accomplished on a one on one. Obviously, then I did. I do. I think it's more
Melonie Powers: It's just, you know,
Richelle Direny: I get it so better. So then
Richelle Direny: So instead of you trying to make up, then this is what we'll do me go for group next week.
Richelle Direny: And then the 12th, which is a Tuesday, we'll meet for individual
Melonie Powers: High
Richelle Direny: End, but we'll meet that day. Let's meet in at five o'clock.
On
Richelle Direny: The 12 the 12 it's a Tuesday.
Melonie Powers: Oh, that's all. Okay. Okay.
Melonie Powers: So me wanting to say that we meet, and then you're gonna see me again on that group on the 13th. And that's what I mean. Because then she'll refill my meds on that day.
Richelle Direny: No, no, no.
Richelle Direny: It will be fine. Because what we'll do, and I'll discuss it with her. You go, because you'll go to group next week.
Richelle Direny: And then we will meet the following week because she because every time you meet in group. She looks and we go and she goes over, we also go over when you're meeting so she will do the medications accordingly.
Melonie Powers: Okay, and then just do my next group on the 20th
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: As long as you're
20 or something.
Melonie Powers: Do you want to keep like a Tuesday at five every week so that I am wanna, you do that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I could do that. I just have to
Melonie Powers: You don't have to. You don't have to, let's say, Tuesday. Now,
Melonie Powers: That like if since I'll be in group with you. Anyway, um, you know, if we just pick a day. And, you know, time and then we just, you know, you look at your schedule here. Can we can do this or this.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes I will see. Okay, so, so this is the thing. Um, I would like to do that. The thing is, in the calendar on the calendar that we book. Our appointments with it doesn't keep it considered like there's no way for me to make it reoccurring
Melonie Powers: Huh.
Richelle Direny: That's the issue.
Melonie Powers: Okay, as long as I know, and then you put it in, however you do it as long as I know that I need to call
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. So then let's do this so I can. Okay. So, since I have nothing book for the 26 so I have you on my calendar. The 12th at four. I mean I fight. No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no, no. I have you on my at five. Yeah, the 12th at five. So on the I'll put you on my calendar for the the 26th at five.
Melonie Powers: Okay.
Melonie Powers: Yeah. You see what I mean. Because like I always know and I do things around my career. You know what I mean like I handle things like today and I schedule things around when I know just like you. You know when you know
Melonie Powers: Yes, it's just better I'm kinda oh okay that that works for me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so yeah, so I had to, again, um,
Melonie Powers: And then I just thought
Melonie Powers: I would tell her you know all
Melonie Powers: The
Melonie Powers: Name of the gas pedal working. I'm only, of course, you know,
Melonie Powers: One this morning. So I really can't say for sure, but I know it helps
Melonie Powers: It helps with my nerves and and I do mean her
Melonie Powers: But it doesn't
Melonie Powers: Mean
Richelle Direny: To say today. You seem to be in better spirit. You're smiling more you're laughing so
Richelle Direny: It. See, that's why I said did you get, you know, do you find that you slept a little bit better.
Melonie Powers: Yes.
Melonie Powers: I slept right through it. I got we got power outage. And how many
Melonie Powers: Yeah.
Melonie Powers: They're eating on that roof. I said it was well yeah I guess I could sleep you're hurting
Richelle Direny: Us like your body was really
Richelle Direny: Deprived and you really needed that like that rest so
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, that's good that you know as long as you're able to identify like the medication whatever kind of whatever it is that you're taking. She's prescribing if it's working.
Richelle Direny: Then, you know, we know that something is working and now you're able to process everything and kind of take like those baby steps towards
Richelle Direny: Working through some of those deep dark rooted issues that you've had suppressed for so long, or you're not able to confront for so long. So as long as you get that rest.
Richelle Direny: And you're kind of rejuvenated to some degree internally rejuvenated your body feels when you get into your mind feels rejuvenated. Then it's a little bit
Richelle Direny: Piano.
Melonie Powers: You know what happens is like a Dream, Dream, Dream it my brain, you know, your brain. You know, as your dream that's like you're you're throwing things in your catalog kind of ready
Melonie Powers: But I'm my brain doesn't do that. Like, I still
Melonie Powers: I still have my
Melonie Powers: Because I have like he'll come, you know, and wake me up for something. Whenever you know if I tell him like I need to be up. Don't let me see your and I'll be like,
Melonie Powers: You know, but my because I'm in the middle of something traumatic, although it's like my brain is this big Film Festival, but it goes round and round and round and it doesn't
Melonie Powers: It doesn't catalog it I guess this way, I should say. But it does in a way that I put it down. You know what I mean, I don't feel
Melonie Powers: And I can tell you about it. I have an awful.
Melonie Powers: Lot boy when I told myself I was in the hospital, you know, don't you dare put that thing forced me to sleep. I'll be
Melonie Powers: There.
Richelle Direny: What
Richelle Direny: Think it's but again it's still working through because, you know, like you said, even with the the nightmares and everything. It's still working through a lot of
Richelle Direny: Back, you know, he has Dr. Jamison ever recommended doing
Em, Dr.
Melonie Powers: What is that
Richelle Direny: Rapid Eye Movement. Um, I know she said done
Richelle Direny: One. You've done that in
Melonie Powers: It and he and I haven't
Melonie Powers: I'm
Melonie Powers: Worried that a computer, you
Richelle Direny: Know, because you're doing because I mean you clearly can't put anything on your head, like you're doing it this way. I'll have, I'll have them. If you're interested, what I'll do is I'll have Serena.
Richelle Direny: Give so she can explain it to you. I'll refer you for it. And if it's something that you're interested they could go over it more and see if that was something that you feel you could benefit from
Melonie Powers: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then, optionally me. So I'll see you on next weekend group have a safe weekend and hopefully see your job. Okay.
Melonie Powers: Something has to work. It always does.
Richelle Direny: All right, you have a great day.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, I'm looking at you like this.
Christina Meyers: My phone my screen didn't rotate. There we go.
Christina Meyers: VERY HAIRY
Richelle Direny: How are you doing,
Christina Meyers: I'm good. I am so sorry. Why I
Christina Meyers: spaced out and missed our I wish I could tell you, I had an amazing excuse but I don't. I forgot. And I am so sorry. I feel terrible. I'm so sorry.
Richelle Direny: No, you are fine. You are fine. I wish I could tell you I have an amazing excuse
Christina Meyers: Yeah, I wish I could have a crazy store, but I don't. I just, I got to thinking that like a quarter till five, I was like, wait a minute, is my appointment at five and yeah I space.
Richelle Direny: And you, it's fine. And so this is the thing because
Richelle Direny: You're the only one like you sent me a message because I think your point, it was that for right
Richelle Direny: Corrupt and so and this is the thing because I technically could have met with you because my five o'clock, did the exact same thing my five o'clock sends me a message at the very end and be like, was my family's my appointment. I'm like, it was
Richelle Direny: So my father did the exact same thing.
No.
Richelle Direny: It's fine. It's okay. You're good.
Richelle Direny: So how is everything with you, you're still working.
Christina Meyers: Now in school right now I'm at home no work because I work for a school district. And obviously we're not in school. So right now there's 362 children.
Christina Meyers: So yeah, that's fine. It's for but it feels like a lot
Richelle Direny: Oh, what did you, what do you say 362 like almost every other days of the year like
Christina Meyers: Right. Right. Yeah, I got enough of those. But yeah, we're all cooped up and they just extended us another month for the stay at home stuff. So yeah, we're on
Christina Meyers: A Ohio. I'm in Ohio. So we just got extended another month to stay at home.
Richelle Direny: Oh, the whole state.
Richelle Direny: Yep. Oh, why are they were opening in
Christina Meyers: See this is the thing like they're starting to open up like
Christina Meyers: construction work manufacturing, distribution and then I heard on like the 15th. Some retail stores are opening up and then like last night at midnight Dr Acton sent out this thing where they're extending the stay at home. Another month so it made no sense to me.
Richelle Direny: Wow, very interesting.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, you're gonna have
Richelle Direny: Some more probably time at home and then when the school and for you guys for your kids.
Christina Meyers: So my cancer is last day. My oldest her last day is around the 20th. And then my other kids go to like technically Labor Day or Memorial Day, but they don't go on Memorial Day.
Christina Meyers: I have a senior, she doesn't go that last week and then my other one, we're
Richelle Direny: Gonna do it for
Richelle Direny: For her with the
Graduation
Christina Meyers: Some are talking about using like a drive in movie theater.
Christina Meyers: And just having everyone sit in their cars and then one at a time. The student goes up and gets their diploma. I've heard others doing it virtually, some people are having a parade through the streets. Our school hasn't said anything yet so
Christina Meyers: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I don't know. I mean, it might be a great I mean like here, I'm in Florida. I seeing
Richelle Direny: Like a you see people like posting signs up on the doors and, you know,
Richelle Direny: So I guess that's like the most pivotal time of your whole high school just your whole school career.
Richelle Direny: Is able to walk across like to know that you've accomplished.
Richelle Direny: At least this like that's what I've been looking for all year. So like I get it. Um, I really truly get it like it's not like leaving elementary or middle but like you're legally
Richelle Direny: Because you don't, you may not necessarily go to college. And then, you know, everybody doesn't go to college right away. So like miss that.
Richelle Direny: Um, I don't know how it's there in Florida and Ohio, but like here. You like there's all these different field trips and all these different things that they go to
Richelle Direny: Right before graduation. And so they lost out on all of them. So it really does suck. It really does. So it would be nice if they find a way to come up with, allowing them somewhere, even if you practice all of your social to help put on a whole situation.
Richelle Direny: And then, you know, allow them just that opportunity. But just to not do it.
Richelle Direny: Just really sucks. It really does.
Christina Meyers: Too much. Yeah, I know. And I want her to have that moment that's what she's been Oh good lord, looking for no sorry I clicked on my email accidentally. Yeah, just for her to have that moment of recognition. I mean, she is going to college, but I don't want her to wait for years for a graduation.
Richelle Direny: It's not
Richelle Direny: Not, not all kids decided to go to college right away. But even if you decide to and your that focus then you stay for the whole four years.
Richelle Direny: It's not the same as when you're because, like, if you think about like those friends that you made, and you still have them, and those are the ones from high school. It's very different from the ones that you meet in college.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, we like you my day one, like we know each other from high school, you knew me when I ordered a pimple and you know this little boy like
Richelle Direny: And I had all of this, you knew what I was going through my hormonal changes. So like different bond and to, you know, so it's, it is. I definitely get it. I definitely get into that stage with your friends like we've made it
Richelle Direny: Up and you're telling those teachers that like on your last nerve like
Christina Meyers: Done with the
Christina Meyers: Out.
Richelle Direny: Very different. It's very different.
Richelle Direny: Hopefully, um,
Richelle Direny: You know, they find something to do with those poor little kids so they
Christina Meyers: Were waiting
Richelle Direny: So there was no problem for her either
Christina Meyers: Know in I'm thinking about maybe doing something here at the house for her because I have an eighth grader, who's also transitioning
Christina Meyers: To high school and she missed her farewell dance, but it's like you said, it's two very different. She'll have high school. You know my other ones. Done. But when you buy the dress and everything and didn't get to where
Richelle Direny: Somebody can see
Christina Meyers: Right.
Are you aware
Richelle Direny: Of this bad boy you go somewhere.
Christina Meyers: I said,
Christina Meyers: No. But yeah, no problem.
Christina Meyers: So rough one,
Richelle Direny: Thought about something maybe really creative.
Richelle Direny: Maybe turning in like your living room and maybe just having like one or two kids like just come over, like turn the whole thing. Turn on music and let her dance and just make it as creative as possible for both of them actually
Christina Meyers: Yeah, we're thinking about doing it so supposed to be 70 here tomorrow to be perfect for us. We get some pictures. And I know a couple families that are taking the quarantine very seriously, like we are.
Christina Meyers: Where I could trust them. And there's minimal risk for exposure, you know, but we're thinking about, just to give them something something normal
Christina Meyers: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: That was and I think hopefully. Hopefully that later on in life. They won't not just get they're going to remember that. Yeah, when we graduated, I didn't have it. But then my family found a way to make it
Christina Meyers: You know, memorize
Richelle Direny: And hopefully by
Richelle Direny: Now, so I definitely get it. We have to be saved, but at the same time, you still want to give them the simple joys of life that
Richelle Direny: You have. So, um, I remember looking back at my high school prom pictures. I was a strange thing. Yes, I was.
Christina Meyers: We all were
Richelle Direny: The days of one back to be
Richelle Direny: Looking like that. I don't know.
Christina Meyers: I don't think I'll ever get back to that ever
Richelle Direny: So, um, let me pull this up for a second.
Richelle Direny: So today we're doing
Richelle Direny: So what Mayra says you're on. Because when I saw you probably my screen. I said mindfreak. I mean, we go with different names.
Christina Meyers: I don't know why it does that, like, I don't. That's a maiden name I can't, I don't know why does that
Richelle Direny: Maybe your phone is your phone bill in that name.
No.
Richelle Direny: I mean, that's good. I was just like, I know it's a different Christina. I'm saying
Christina Meyers: That's so weird, but other doctor. The doctor had that issue, too. And I said, No, no, don't be corny know prescriptions.
Richelle Direny: For buyers.
Christina Meyers: I'll never get
Christina Meyers: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Alright guys in group I had someone that popped up on the screen. It was a male, but it was a female's name that was underneath that. And I said, Okay, I'm step out on a limb here.
Richelle Direny: I'm not trying to be disrespectful or nothing but I just need clarity. I'm seeing a guy, and it's a feels me. You know, it's okay, my girlfriend's okay
Christina Meyers: Well, it's funny.
Christina Meyers: Because my husband's name is Carly
Richelle Direny: Really
Richelle Direny: Yes, our
Christina Meyers: Ca R L y Carly, and we get that all the time that you know he's a girl, but he's really a guy so
Christina Meyers: We did.
Richelle Direny: And I'm like, you know, I'm not really trying to be disrespectful. And please, please, respectful. But you know what I see in the name don't really match.
Richelle Direny: Like, and then and then like I have a couple that's in a group. So, you know, like you see how when you did something with your phone.
Richelle Direny: You saw the, the, the picture. So I saw the picture. But then when it comes off. It was a guy, and I'm like,
Richelle Direny: You know, I know that picture.
Richelle Direny: But I just need you to just give me a little bit of clarity, before I
Richelle Direny: Was like, Oh, no, that's my life. I was like, oh, okay.
Christina Meyers: That's funny.
Richelle Direny: So now I'm do. Who is it that you see Jill.
Christina Meyers: Yes. Okay, but like I have like a rough time with group this week because all of a sudden, Jill wasn't there anymore.
Richelle Direny: Because I don't think she is which
Christina Meyers: is weird because she's new to begin with.
Christina Meyers: It was in so she she don't want us to call her Dr cell.
Christina Meyers: Yeah, as lighter a worse last name than I do. Bob lover. Yeah, but I i was with her.
Richelle Direny: Does she work.
Richelle Direny: She took over, she took over Jill's group.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm like, like sell us something some really, really long name so she just I haven't sell a door or something or another.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So yes, I believe my understanding, she took over the group.
Christina Meyers: So Dr beavers won't be my doctor anymore. If I'm understand
Richelle Direny: No, she's a nurse.
Richelle Direny: She's
Richelle Direny: She that she's No, she's not with because I saw that to the
Richelle Direny: Okay. And I had the same question. I'm like, So what's going on.
Richelle Direny: And so I did Dr. Sell took over from Jill.
Christina Meyers: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: So you just had you had a rough time because of the immediate transition
Christina Meyers: Well, right. I it's not just that, like, yes, I was kind of like, you know, I, when I first met Jill.
Christina Meyers: Me and her talked about things because I was unsure about bright heart being a good fit for me.
Christina Meyers: You know, and her and her her and I saw eye to eye on one of the things that I wanted in a program and that I wanted in a doctor. So I don't know if Dr sell shares those same values that I have
Christina Meyers: And like she's already
He was facial sorry
Christina Meyers: I didn't not
Christina Meyers: Not in group with everybody, but like she already switched things up so much that was like really discouraging. I'm like, like for example, I'm
Christina Meyers: I'm used to getting my prescription once a month in a time like this. I really value that because it's less risk I have going out, etc. She changed it to once a week now.
Richelle Direny: She did not her.
Christina Meyers: It's not her. It's okay.
Richelle Direny: Her so
Richelle Direny: She could continue, continue and I'm going to tell you if it's it's not has nothing to do with her.
Christina Meyers: So in treatment programs. To me, that's a penalty. That's a default
Christina Meyers: Usually when you started treatment program your once a week then twice a week, then your monthly because they trust you, you're working your program you're showing progress to go back to once a week was kind of like, you know, like a setback.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: So this so
Richelle Direny: I don't know what you know what information was provided, especially from providers and the medical provider or what have you.
Richelle Direny: Because I have another practitioner that I worked with that was kind of doing it that way. So the program rules.
Richelle Direny: Are exactly what the second part of what you just explained. When you first start. And so that, and especially now they're cracking down on it as well.
Richelle Direny: Is that the program are you come to the you come to group every single week you'll get your prescription every single week.
Richelle Direny: And with consistency with the group and within the visual and I look at individual from the standpoint if you're meeting with me.
Richelle Direny: And if you're already seeing someone on the outside. First of all, your insurance is not going to pay for the same type of therapy.
Richelle Direny: That's just like that and they're not going to do that.
Richelle Direny: But if you're already seeing someone actively in the community who continue to do that, we'll just check in. So we'll do the bio like we did then we'll do the second which will do our like our treatment planning and what have you.
Richelle Direny: And then, you know, if it is that you're, you're really in a good place. And we'll say okay well let's just check in once a month, because that's just in the visual
Richelle Direny: Um, once we're seeing that consistency your commitment to the program. Then it goes down to. Okay. We'll fill it every other week and then you kind of gradually move to once a month.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what what Dr cell is saying to you is exactly how the program is structured. And so what. So what they're cracking down on their kind of tightening up on is what some way. And so it's kind of like that saying where
Richelle Direny: The good Apple always, I mean the bad apple spoils it for the bunch. It's because like you will get your medication once a month when I need to show up because I don't got my meds for the month.
Richelle Direny: And that's what was happening. So now to kind of maintain that accountability is that we ask that you show up.
Richelle Direny: Not just for your medication one someone but you're showing up for group. So like, even with group will also change it to say, hey, you don't have to come to group because of the consistency.
Richelle Direny: You've come to group once a month. Also, there's a whole lot of other things that goes into that. I mean, let's be real, I know you want to maintain your journey. And I know you want to do all of this, but the same time I got no money to pay for it. Like, I mean, I can understand. So then
Christina Meyers: Right back
Richelle Direny: Like a conversation, you have to have from a financial and to say, hey. Well, listen, I really want to come in a group and I really want to be a partner and show my commitment.
Richelle Direny: But at the same time, I can't afford to come once a week because I have to pay extra out of pocket.
Richelle Direny: So, but that's a conversation. So then, but again the commitment and everything else. It's kind of based on that assessment we make those determination.
Richelle Direny: So that's where all of that is coming in. Well, we really encouraged the attendance in group. If not, I'm in the beginning, weekly, and you get your men, now
Richelle Direny: With the no shows, so like when you arm.
Richelle Direny: Technically, when you, when we didn't meet on Monday that would have been considered a no show
Richelle Direny: So you reached out to me. So I took it off of the no show list and I put it in as a reschedule because now we're we have that conversation.
Richelle Direny: So I'm not going to Daniel for, like, Okay, well, you know, you just out you just asking like, you know, like I've had people who do that. They're like, Hey, Michelle, can I do this and I'm be here tonight.
Richelle Direny: And then you Mia. So, you know, I will adjust it in the system because now I don't want it to go against you because we did have that conversation.
Richelle Direny: That we know let's reschedule what and that's why I always. I mean, you don't attend my groups, you go to Serena's groups, but typically like I would always give out all
Richelle Direny: My patients I send the messages. And I always say, Hey, I have an open line of communication. If you're not going to be able to make it, life happens, it's always happening.
Richelle Direny: Just shoot me a text and be like, Listen, I won't be able to make it today. Um, can we reschedule for another day.
Richelle Direny: And I think that's just kind of really were. So it's again it's kind of like that one bad apple that's folded for the rest. So then you feel like out of the outage or somebody and then like I would have to do it on like a one to one be like
Richelle Direny: An issue too horrible everything so it has nothing she didn't change anything.
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: I had a group where I had to tell everybody know it's not like that. You're not supposed to be getting your medication once a month it's supposed to be. And then eventually you'll move to the, um, you eventually. Listen, I know you're studying to be a counselor. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, when you cross to the upside.
Christina Meyers: That's right. I'm not on that side yet.
Richelle Direny: When you decide, and you start wearing you you'll realize that sometimes you just have to find different ways to just communicate. But, but, yes, it has nothing to do with her.
Richelle Direny: Or it's just kind of how they have structured the program and they just really truly want that consistency.
Richelle Direny: Um, you know, I know, for some people meeting in this way in terms of therapy. It's better for them because some people have been some people on the outside and they switched to doing it this way because it's everything is in one place for them.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, um, but, I mean, when you speak to
Richelle Direny: Dr. Sell. I don't know. She does individuals. But if she does. You could just, you know, to her to see um you know if she does, um, you know, align with what you're looking for in a program
What you're right.
Christina Meyers: Yeah, I would love to have that conversation with her and and i will most definitely bring it up. Next time we spoke that was her first group with us. She had a lot of questions to ask everybody
Christina Meyers: You know, so I wasn't going to hold up her groups time with that but I definitely will bring it up with her, just to make sure we're on the same page because not every doctor Greece, you know,
Christina Meyers: Which which is
Christina Meyers: Why I switched doctors and came here to begin with. So, I mean, I sort of make sure we are on the same page.
Richelle Direny: On the same page. Yeah, I mean I think with everything that's going to be a little bit of bumps in the road and you just kind of have to take your
Richelle Direny: Your, you know, just kind of assess like is it really truly for me, or is it not like you know the program.
Richelle Direny: Um, I know. Like some people have some issues like even with the check in process. So it just, it's just, you know,
Richelle Direny: Voicing like, hey, this is the issue I have. And then, you know, it's for it to be explained, of how things should be. But you're right, Miss Jill was new. And so I don't know. You know how the information was conveyed to her in terms of how but we just got a few emails. I'm just reading
Richelle Direny: Reinforcing especially for the providers, the nurse practice the PA is and all of them, how to give the medications, because they really want to be able to monitor
Richelle Direny: Everyone that they are you know really truly following the program because it's this is different from when you're in an inpatient facility where they really, you know, kind of hold everything down. So, um, hold on, let me pull up
Richelle Direny: Here.
Christina Meyers: I made it makes sense when you say it like that. You know what I mean, as long as we can get to a place where I can get back on track to where was
Christina Meyers: You know it's it's a bit of a change when you go from like five, six years to going once a month, then it's every weekend, especially during Kobe that, you know, for me, I want to go out any more than what I have to
Richelle Direny: Well, it doesn't
Richelle Direny: They don't deliver it. You have to physically go
Christina Meyers: There. Correct. I don't have a pharmacy within a 30 mile radius of me. I'm not Boondocks.
Christina Meyers: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you have like the people exposed where you are. Is it a lot.
Christina Meyers: I'm not in my county. I think we're under 100 right now in my county, but in other counties where my pharmacy. Is there a larger cases.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Just, just have that conversation because I don't know how they do it for people who
Richelle Direny: Have been in the program.
Christina Meyers: That's why I assumed Dr beavers did it. I just assumed because she knew my history.
Christina Meyers: And that's why she
Christina Meyers: You know when I meet
Christina Meyers: Someone yeah from from day one, like I've never been on a weekly
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I know that. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm another like what I grew up practice practitioner that I worked with
Richelle Direny: What fell asleep.
Richelle Direny: You look when your foot falls asleep.
Christina Meyers: Hearts.
Richelle Direny: Your whole team tingling things in the bottom of my foot.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Okay. So this week we're really just covering actor because we met. We got like a lot of the background information or what have you. Now, you said that, um, you know, you've kind of been on this journey of sobriety and kind of holding it down, like you said for the last five, six years. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so when you look at, like, what
Richelle Direny: You so coming to be a part of bright heart and maintaining, you know, being on the on Suboxone treatment.
Richelle Direny: What is it that you'll feel like you want to continue to work on as you continue on this journey to sobriety like is what are your goals is that maybe in a few years later on to eventually taper off. Is it that you want to maintain it. Like what are you, what are your goals.
Christina Meyers: Right now it's maintaining
Christina Meyers: I think right now. I have more short term than long term, you know, right now I just want to get through the stresses of coven get past that and then
Christina Meyers: Get that normalcy instability back and you know in a few years, consider tapering. Absolutely. It's, it's always a consideration of mine.
Christina Meyers: You know there are times where I feel like it's a possibility. And then there's times where I'm like, I'm just going to be on this forever type deal
Richelle Direny: So what are the what's, what's the variation between the two, like you said that there are times where there's a possibility and it's like you're going to be on it forever. What determines the two
Christina Meyers: So, for example, right now the the the chaos, you know, I'm used to a little bit of stress. We all have it. It's our daily life, whatever, but
Christina Meyers: I think it's the severity of the situation like right now with everyone content. There's no
Christina Meyers: Personal space for me. There's no way for me to decompress and be like, Okay, I have to get my head together, you know, because we're all cooped up right now.
Christina Meyers: So at times like right now. I feel like I probably would have totally had a relapse and, you know, went back to where I was before.
Christina Meyers: And then there's times where, you know, like before with the other doctors
Christina Meyers: I had gotten you know to where I was experimenting only taking, you know, one and a half a day instead of two and seeing how I felt and stuff like that because I'm in a good place where there's just my just my normal stresses. There's no more added to it.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: In looking at and for me and understanding it. So to kind of gauge it into kind of guided because the reality of what determines also whether you
Richelle Direny: Have it as a goal to taper off depends on
Richelle Direny: The, the foundation of why you're on it in the first place. Um, so like for some, a lot of it is like a part of their pain management routine.
Richelle Direny: And maybe for them. It's like, What do you mean you're going to pay for your kid taper off because it's a part of a pain management because of a medical issue as part of why you can only learn how to
Richelle Direny: Not become addicted and reliant, but it's not. You can't really come off of it. That's not really what you can do. Um, so for you. I know you said that what started was after you had the reduction. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yeah. So now, and then from that. Then there was the the dependency and then the introduction to other things.
Richelle Direny: But a lot of it was because of becoming dependent and you found that, hey, this doesn't just work for pain and helps me when I'm stressed. It helps me with all these other things. So you found other uses for which all meds, it helps with so many other things than the one identified reason
Richelle Direny: What are some effective ways of just coping with stress that you've learned along the way. Because one of the stressors that I hear you talk about is your inability to feel somewhat claustrophobic now that you're like home with your children all the time. It's just like I need to read
Christina Meyers: That's accurate. Yeah, I'm
Christina Meyers: Before I used to be able to go get my nails done, and take that meantime
Christina Meyers: And I think that's where I'm lacking.
Christina Meyers: I feel guilty if I do it now.
Christina Meyers: But
Christina Meyers: You know, it's not fair for me to go out without taking someone with me because there's too. So I felt guilty.
Christina Meyers: Tending to myself right now.
Christina Meyers: Because I was suffering, just as much as I am, if not more.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's just say, partly for phobia, because the reality of it is
Richelle Direny: Everybody needs their meantime
Christina Meyers: Everybody you are here.
Richelle Direny: You might be me that he needs a daughter needs everybody needs it individually. Everyone needs it. And so it's
Richelle Direny: Coming to that place as to how there is seven days in a week. Everybody has to have a day without having any guilt attached with everyone has to have a date. How can I decompress, how can I have some me time without feeling guilty.
Richelle Direny: And I think maybe being aware that as a mom. We're always going to feel guilty if we're doing something and having fun with our children, especially if you're one of those involved. Once your it is you're always going to feel guilty.
Richelle Direny: It's like this morning. I got up and I decided, you know, we put on some airing
Richelle Direny: And I woke up my kids for school.
Richelle Direny: Mommy, where you're going.
Christina Meyers: Right.
Richelle Direny: I'm going away, you got on lipstick. Don't worry about it.
Richelle Direny: I'll be all you're doing is going outside. Well, money can I know. Can I just have five minutes to look at the tree.
Christina Meyers: Right.
Richelle Direny: I want to do, but it's been OK and coming to that place that for your own self care is that you need some time and being okay with understanding that as a mom as a wife that you do, it's, it's
Richelle Direny: It's detrimental.
Christina Meyers: In our yard okay with it. Yeah, I'm not okay with it because it makes me feel bad.
Richelle Direny: But it's but it's it's retraining your the way you think to say it. I have to be okay with having some time to myself.
Richelle Direny: And not having to think about what is that going to eat. What does children eat, what are they going to wear, what is this what is that what is this what is that because this is a question, Christina, who stops it does that for you.
Nobody
Christina Meyers: That's true. Nobody
Christina Meyers: I still I I felt obligated to get
Christina Meyers: That was such a
Christina Meyers: Big part of the addiction to is being the supermom
Christina Meyers: Well, and just doing everything and you know that that was my thing. So I feel like I have to maintain that title maintain that duty. And if I don't, it's, it's this, it's a hot mess like I have to, I don't feel like there's another option.
Richelle Direny: About what you just said. Part of what maintain your addiction or fed your addiction. Remember, what did you say
Christina Meyers: That
Richelle Direny: serve everybody. Yeah, but in you feeling the need is overwhelming guilt to serve everybody. What were you doing to yourself.
Christina Meyers: Not taking care of myself, that's for sure.
Richelle Direny: So the more you told yourself. It's not okay for me to feel like taking care of my and just being by myself for an hour or two, you somehow told yourself. It's not okay. It's, it's no I need to feel guilty. So then you continue your addiction.
Richelle Direny: You continue tearing yourself down.
Richelle Direny: How you know that there was something wrong, because we're keeping it a secret from everyone else, you were hiding refining some way to feed because you need to maintain this big S on your chest.
Christina Meyers: Sure, sure.
Richelle Direny: So now, how now, how can we, together, start turning that around. Where are you remove this is off your chest, you're still mom. Nobody's ever going to take that away from you. Nobody ever can take that away from you, but
Richelle Direny: Have you ever flown on a plane.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: When you're on the plane right before the plane takes off. What does the stewardess talk about
Christina Meyers: The safety stuff. And if the plane crashes and
Richelle Direny: Forget about the pain here. What, what specifically about the safety. What did they tell you to do if
Richelle Direny: You're traveling with a child a disabled person or child.
What are you supposed to
Christina Meyers: Put your mask on and then
Richelle Direny: Help others. Why do they tell you to do it first.
Christina Meyers: Well, because if I'm dead, I can't help anybody else.
Richelle Direny: If you ain't taking care of yourself.
Richelle Direny: Your family.
Richelle Direny: Your
Richelle Direny: If Christina is not practicing her own. So here, how can you maintain this title of Superman.
Christina Meyers: Not very well.
Richelle Direny: Not at all.
Christina Meyers: You know,
Richelle Direny: Just think about that. Just think about that energy from the plane when they go through it.
Richelle Direny: But then somehow
Richelle Direny: This idea of maybe how you grew up or whatever your earlier experiences in life as a child and waited what it should look like.
Richelle Direny: To be always be there for your children and never stopping to take care of yourself you're drowning.
Richelle Direny: We're dying.
Richelle Direny: And everybody else's. Okay. And because everybody else's. Okay, nobody is really stopping to say, hey, Mom. Throw your ass. Hey, how about I help you do this.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: Somehow
Richelle Direny: you convince yourself that it's okay to consume substances to make you keep on this high, to be able to take care of everybody else.
Richelle Direny: Never stopping to take your and making
Richelle Direny: A little bit of that said, I want you to take me down the road.
Richelle Direny: To see if we can find awareness in all of that.
Richelle Direny: You grew up with mom and dad that mom just mom.
Christina Meyers: Mom, my parents got divorced when I was nine.
Christina Meyers: And
Richelle Direny: In how many, how many siblings do you have
Christina Meyers: One.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And how was that like, how was
How did you do
Christina Meyers: Um, I, my mom was never home she was
Christina Meyers: He there working around the bars or finding a new boyfriend or I was always love to take care of my brother.
Richelle Direny: Because you're the only one.
Correct.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: You were nine years old, taking care of how old are
Christina Meyers: My brothers three years owner
Richelle Direny: Okay, so at nine years old, you learn how to be mom.
Christina Meyers: Pretty much.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: All throughout your years of growing up.
Richelle Direny: You were among
Richelle Direny: Sure, not just to your brother, but for the mom to
Christina Meyers: Probably my mother.
Richelle Direny: So at what point in time in that dynamic
Richelle Direny: Did you mentally tell yourself. I will never do this to my children.
Christina Meyers: I'm sure a bunch of times. Probably. Probably all throughout my teenage years. Nothing. You heard me say I will not be like my mom, I will not be like my mom, I will not
Be yourself.
Christina Meyers: What's that
Richelle Direny: What do you think you are you, what do you think you mentally did to yourself by saying back
Christina Meyers: I think that I'm mentally put myself in a state to be supermom probably at a young age, because I told myself I will not going to be like her.
Richelle Direny: And do you think you overcompensate as a mom to your children because of
Richelle Direny: What your mom did not do for you.
Christina Meyers: Absolutely, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: You see where a lot of your guilt is coming from right now.
Sure.
Christina Meyers: Because what I knew, I knew it would. I mean,
Christina Meyers: I
Christina Meyers: I know that sometimes a lot of
Christina Meyers: How I act now is
Christina Meyers: An effect of how I was when I was younger.
Christina Meyers: Or I'm dealing with things now that I didn't deal with when I was younger, you know, maybe it wouldn't have been like that with my mom had I had said something to somebody else. You know what I mean. So I
Christina Meyers: Carry that now to where I'm older.
Christina Meyers: Absolutely.
Richelle Direny: There's always a force that drives
Richelle Direny: Think how we act, how we operate. We don't understand what this forces. I just know I just need to be this way.
Richelle Direny: But what you are doing.
Richelle Direny: Is that every time you see your children you see yourself in your mother.
Richelle Direny: And how you operate is how you would have wanted someone to treat you and to take care of you insecure for you.
Richelle Direny: So to stop and to practice your own self care.
Richelle Direny: Means that you're going against everything over yourself. Growing up
Richelle Direny: I am going to completely devote my life to my
Richelle Direny: To my family and I'm no matter what. Even if means that
Richelle Direny: I'm telling myself and I'm dying inside. I will never ever stop doing this because this is what I wanted.
Richelle Direny: For me,
Christina Meyers: Yeah, that sounds about right.
Richelle Direny: Is your mom still alive.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: How much is she involved now.
Christina Meyers: Not at all. I don't
Christina Meyers: Talk, you're here.
Richelle Direny: Is there a part of you that wants her to come
Richelle Direny: apologize for not being there.
So we
Christina Meyers: Guys, for a lot of scope.
Christina Meyers: But it will never happen. So that's why I toss in the towel years ago.
Richelle Direny: you toss in the towel. So you're right. Your mommy.
Richelle Direny: What you want her. So there's this whole that's inside of you that you build and even though you toss it in. It's still there and you're finding every which way.
Richelle Direny: To either. So it's like you're filling something that will never be
Christina Meyers: diction.
Christina Meyers: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Cool. Now when you kind of like want to just say, I want some time. Tell me about the even the relationship with your husband you and your husband raising these children and being there.
Christina Meyers: And
Christina Meyers: He works and I'm at home, mostly when I do work. It's for the school. So I'm with my kids. Anyways, and then I come home and I usually
Christina Meyers: You know, take care of the kids. And when I needed a moment to myself, you know, I just usually I would take that time while the kids were at school because now they're all in school and I would take that time to do things for myself.
Christina Meyers: But now that everyone's home. I just don't. I mean,
Richelle Direny: Outside of right now, because what right now is doing. It's somewhat to come to terms with everything that you've always dealt with growing up as being a mom. It's kind of taking you and if you're you're being stifled.
Richelle Direny: Because I don't have any time and all of that.
Richelle Direny: Prior to this, what was your self care routine or did your husband helped foster to help you with it.
Richelle Direny: To say, hey, Christina, I got the kids, don't worry about it, you'll go out you go spend all day pampering yourself.
Christina Meyers: I mean, he, he will not do that. But, you know, if I were to say to him, you know, I need to go out somewhere. It's not a. It's not a problem. You know, like, Okay, well, you know,
Christina Meyers: Go out and I wouldn't say that he forces me out to go do
Christina Meyers: Things you know
Richelle Direny: Just allow you
Richelle Direny: If you need and just spend a half a day just unwinding just looking in the mirror and saying, girl. Look, let's let's go guys, you're done. Let's get our nails done. Let's go shopping and take be slow about turn on these clothes.
Richelle Direny: He allows that he fosters that to happen.
Christina Meyers: Sure, absolutely. Okay.
Richelle Direny: It's just right now.
Richelle Direny: You just feel that you're overwhelmed.
Sure.
Richelle Direny: What is something
Richelle Direny: But everything that we just pointed out.
Richelle Direny: Do you think your, your mom.
Christina Meyers: No.
Richelle Direny: You're not
Richelle Direny: So check your not your mom. Do you think you will ever turn out like your mom.
No.
Richelle Direny: Does your children treat you like hot or look at you. The way you looked at your mom growing up.
Christina Meyers: No.
Richelle Direny: Well, it's a whole bunch of things you're doing very well.
Richelle Direny: Um, do you think that your children would feel some type of way, if you were supposed to just go out for an hour to just be alone and do what
Richelle Direny: They know you're coming back to take care of them.
Christina Meyers: No, I, they would be okay with it. You know, it's just the fact that i like i said i felt guilty. They're stuck here too. They don't want to be in the house, either. So, you know, that's why I feel guilty about it.
Christina Meyers: I think what I RIGHT NOW I'M JUST LOOKING FORWARD TO JUST THE WEATHER warming up, and then I can be out side by myself. I can walk. I can
Christina Meyers: I can breathe because right I feel very smothered sometimes and very like I have to be JoJo the clown like I have to be the entertainer and I'm bored. What can I do. Okay. Well, let me think of this, let me. You know, I like i'm i'm just drained I'm mentally exhausted.
Richelle Direny: Where you live right now. Are you able to take a walk like even in the morning, if you took, because remember, there's seven days in a week. I mean, hey, I'm staying for six. Can I insane myself for one
Christina Meyers: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's being verbal about that. And I think that's maybe what you have a hard time saying because it sounds to me that if you save that.
Richelle Direny: You put yourself in the same world as how your mom was growing up.
Richelle Direny: What, listen, you're there. And I think it's giving yourself that credit
Richelle Direny: You're there and you've always been there, you're never going to ever be your mom because you're there.
Richelle Direny: Go out you know you're coming back because you know where you're going, you're not going to the bar, you're not doing all of it. And even if you decided to go wherever you go. You are coming home.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm sure when you got girlfriends. I'm sure 60 to 70% of the conversation is not nice cute.
Christina Meyers: Yeah.
Christina Meyers: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Children say it's not
Christina Meyers: As good as they are.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, you will never, and I think it's, you have to
Richelle Direny: And I hate to use the word have to
Richelle Direny: Maybe when you have your alone time in the bathroom because sometimes
Richelle Direny: That is always robbed of them.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: The bathroom is always robbed, like, Dude, can I can I can I be in here by myself.
Christina Meyers: Like
Richelle Direny: The door was closed for a reason why are we
Richelle Direny: Why are we even still having a conversation. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So when you're it's having that moment, whatever time and say, Christina.
Richelle Direny: You are not your mother.
Richelle Direny: Who have come a long way and you are who you have to speak.
That into yourself.
Richelle Direny: You just have to speak that into here.
Richelle Direny: And I
Christina Meyers: Think that
Christina Meyers: Go ahead. I think you're right, also about
Christina Meyers: Not verbalizing
Christina Meyers: When you said not saying something. I don't, you're right.
Richelle Direny: You sit there like we all do, as women we swallow it on. I'm not one more situation, no more. Listen, just give me two seconds. Let me just say I remember years ago I remember this lady I was listening to this thing and she
Richelle Direny: She has to sit in the bathroom and even m&m in P as in the kid will come in was in your mouth.
Richelle Direny: Open it up. Let me see. And you find a way to stick it under your tongue and hide it.
Richelle Direny: Creatively so they don't see what's there because I
Richelle Direny: Want to share what I really don't.
Know,
Richelle Direny: You so it's but it's, it's, we have to verbalize it. But in even everything. I mean,
Richelle Direny: That's not what you shared with your mom and you are so much more than that. But you have to speak that to yourself like you are
Richelle Direny: You're ultimately punishing yourself because you're working so hard not to be like her that have not. It doesn't sound like you have come to that reality that you're not her.
Christina Meyers: Correct.
Richelle Direny: Everything she did. I'm sure she has a pass, and there was a force that drove her to do what she did. Maybe it was the, the loss of the
Richelle Direny: Relationship or whatever her reasoning was as to why she tells spitting into whatever her story is her story.
Richelle Direny: your story, your story and your story is my childhood was wrong.
Richelle Direny: Because I was busy taking care of myself, starting at nine years old and I didn't know what the heck I was doing
Richelle Direny: I was busy taking care of my brother and maybe our brother sister relationship wasn't really what it needed to be because I was so busy being Mommy to him.
Richelle Direny: And I was so busy being Mommy to my mommy was supposed to be that. So there's that anger. There's that bitterness. There's that resentment.
Richelle Direny: And because you hold on to everything you have towards mom.
Richelle Direny: You try. You're endeavoring best never allow your children to see that. So, by not verbalizing to them how you feel in saying, Hey, I just need it and then just give me a minute on wine, and then I'll come back.
Richelle Direny: You'll take that same anger and bitterness that you have to your mouth from with your mom, you take all of that and you put it on your children and you think your children is going to look at you that way.
And you're
Richelle Direny: It's like you're formulating their thoughts for them and they are just looking at you like,
Richelle Direny: I'm
Christina Meyers: Crazy. I'm not thinking that crazy
Richelle Direny: You know you
Christina Meyers: Make sense
Richelle Direny: You're putting so much on them and they look like. I mean, I really don't.
Christina Meyers: Know it's true.
Richelle Direny: They come home every day, they come home to you, they come home cooked meal. And I remember in your thing, you said that aren't you like a cheerleading mom or something like that. You're on.
Richelle Direny: Your own luck and they
Richelle Direny: They probably like, Mom, seriously, could you give me two seconds. Let me just show
Christina Meyers: A baby the meantime.
Richelle Direny: You see, but you can hear that they need to meet time because you're so busy worried about how they're going to look at you. The same way you look at your Mom You're so great I i with that.
Richelle Direny: You're not realizing that while they want their meantime. This is classic for me to have my meantime
Sure.
Richelle Direny: It's all about reframing and restructuring, how you think and being okay and same Christina.
Richelle Direny: It is ok for me.
Richelle Direny: To take an hour or two, because that's really
Richelle Direny: Mom's Mom, it's really truly only me
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because you know when you go out with friends and they doing something, especially the ones that don't got no kids, and you're like, why am I even here I need to go home to these kids.
Christina Meyers: That's exactly right. Or I don't stop talking about one or the other.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. Or, you know, I don't know if your children by mine your phone ringing. What do you want
Christina Meyers: All the time something stupid.
Richelle Direny: Something real stupid. So, you know, a reality of what us as women and as bombs, we need. I just need an hour to that's it that's really all I need is an hour to
Richelle Direny: You not trying to even stay out late because you wondering, did they did he make them go to bed early. Did he even make them eat.
Christina Meyers: What did he make him. Did he can cereal. Yes, all
Richelle Direny: eat for dinner cereal. Seriously. Seriously article writer and. Oh, you thought up because, you know, what's that word that I didn't want to do so. Cereal is the easiest thing.
Christina Meyers: Exactly, exactly.
Richelle Direny: The reality of it is, it is. Okay. All I need is, I won't have to, and you don't even have to do it every single day because the reality you really needed every single day, seven days out of the week.
Richelle Direny: After the Six Day. That's when you feel like you're about to drown. And so taking one day out of the week and saying this is mommy time
Richelle Direny: You guys get
Richelle Direny: Six days.
Richelle Direny: Damn near if I'm not sleeping 24 hours a day.
Christina Meyers: Because sounds good.
Richelle Direny: Sleep and you're coming in the face to ask me something.
Richelle Direny: Right when I got to that real good part of the dream.
All
Christina Meyers: So,
Richelle Direny: I just need this day, this time isn't my time. I want to watch this movie. And I just want to get lost in the movie. And I want to just act like for a minute. I'll handle husband, I'll handle kids. It's just me alone in the world.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But you have to verbalize that
Richelle Direny: But while you're verbalizing that there's that voice in the back of your mind that saying
Richelle Direny: It is okay. There's nothing wrong with it, you needed it is okay.
Richelle Direny: And it's just that that's that's kind of like, that's where that positive self talk, you're talking yourself down. And in doing that, you'll start realizing that your anxiety will slowly start going down.
Richelle Direny: Because right now, that's where you are. You just kind of need to find a way to address where is this anxiety coming from identifying where is this anxiety coming from for you today.
Richelle Direny: Your anxiety is backed with feeling claustrophobic.
Richelle Direny: That's where your anxiety I feel holy and I need to stop being claustrophobic because you know what, the more you feel claustrophobic. The more the anxiety.
Richelle Direny: You. Oh snap.
Christina Meyers: Sure.
Richelle Direny: And when you snap them kids go look at your kids, your husband got me looking at you that mommy crazy
Christina Meyers: It's true. Some mommy dearest
Christina Meyers: You see,
Richelle Direny: You're not thinking that you just got on my last godforsaken nurse, they just looking at me crazy.
Christina Meyers: Happened.
Richelle Direny: Don't have that's what's happening.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: The only are going on. And they're looking at you all this way, simply because of this battle.
Richelle Direny: That's raging on the inside of you that started at nine years old.
Yo,
Richelle Direny: And kind of went on through life.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Honestly,
Richelle Direny: Today what they do you think, even in this time because listen, the reality is, you know, we're gonna be doing this for a month. Me and
Looking at yet.
Richelle Direny: And trying to study.
Christina Meyers: Yep.
Richelle Direny: So what is it what they can you pick that you can dedicate to yourself.
Christina Meyers: Um, I'm going to say Monday. Monday seems to be the least craziest day
Richelle Direny: Monday at what time
Christina Meyers: I'm going to say from 10 to 12
Christina Meyers: In the morning, yeah.
Richelle Direny: What's what why specifically 10 to 12 in the morning.
Christina Meyers: Half the house is still sleeping. It will be very easy for me.
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Richelle Direny: But you have to be intentional. You have to really say this is my time. The house is quiet.
Richelle Direny: From 10 to 12 which is a whole two hours. What do you think you can do in those two hours.
Christina Meyers: I think I'm going to utilize it to be outside because i don't i don't want to make the mistake of staying inside because then what will happen is, I'll start picking up and cleaning and I'll have used that time not to decompress to do other things. So I'll be outside
Christina Meyers: Six.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so from from one mom to the next, even though I'm doing therapy bill from one month to the next have a young child from 10 to six was quite as possible because you don't need to get up.
Christina Meyers: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: We won't do nothing that's gonna make a whole lot of noise.
Richelle Direny: So if you got dogs you go and tell them
Richelle Direny: You're gonna sneak out and do what you do, because that's what we had to do if we need to make a clean break. Be real quiet, what you do.
Richelle Direny: You come back. Now you could take. Now we can put that s back on our chest for the day.
Richelle Direny: You said, I'm saying
Christina Meyers: What Yeah, what's a better frame of mind to
Richelle Direny: With a better friend of mine because on Mondays from 10 to 12 you have put on your, your mask and everything. And now I can take care of everyone else because I am where I'm to be
Richelle Direny: The second thing I would like you to do if
Richelle Direny: So that one day a week. This is what you're doing right
Richelle Direny: The second thing, and I'm we're going to check in the next time we meet, I would love for you.
Richelle Direny: To find a place to write where
Richelle Direny: Something that is meaningful to you, um, I am a good mom.
Richelle Direny: If you'd
Christina Meyers: Like
Christina Meyers: Go ahead. This is so that I can see this every day.
Richelle Direny: You need something to remind you, every day, wherever you
Christina Meyers: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So you can remind herself. This is not for anybody else. This is for you to see it because you need because this is who needs to hear it. You need to hear that you are regarding wrong.
Richelle Direny: And you've always been a good mom, you need to hear that.
Richelle Direny: Your screen went away.
Richelle Direny: Little girl.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Christina Meyers: Oh, there we go.
Richelle Direny: This is for you to hear that.
Richelle Direny: That we're going to go through that every single day and I'm assuming for a month for you to constantly tell yourself that you are a good mom.
Richelle Direny: Or not your mom you, Christina Meyers out how you have your life.
Richelle Direny: That you are a good mom.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Christina Meyers: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Because I eat. It's for you to believe
Right now.
Richelle Direny: No matter even if your children tell you you're very good at, which I'm sure they told you that you're a good mom, I'm sure.
Richelle Direny: Everyone in your life has told you that you're a very good mom, whether it's the living right. Yep. And I'm sure if you do you have a good relationship with your brother.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I'm sure you he's even told you at some point in time that you are a good mom and you're not your mom, but you don't believe that.
Richelle Direny: You don't believe that because
Richelle Direny: Christina needed that female figure in her life to teach her how to
Richelle Direny: How to be a mom how to be even you even want love to your, your mom to be a grandmother to these children who she's unable to so
Richelle Direny: We'll never got any of that your soul overcompensating in that that anything that anyone tells you, you cannot process it. You've put
Richelle Direny: Your like
Richelle Direny: That's what you do every time they tell you that's not true. That's not true. That's not true, because every time. Christina looks in the mirror, she sees her mom.
Richelle Direny: She looks at herself.
Richelle Direny: So every day, whatever time of the day, even if you need to tell yourself that all day, even if your children is flipping out and they talking about. That's what kids do they have to learn and you want to snatch the team out of the mouth, and I know I'm on record saying this, but
Christina Meyers: It's
Christina Meyers: True. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Snatch everything about there, so they could stop speaking, you know, you remember the cartoon. What is it area when they took the voice thing out of her mouth, she couldn't talk. So, you know, in that moment, you need them to do you need to kind of put a guard. I call it out.
Christina Meyers: To be Ursula. I've been here.
Richelle Direny: By the beat.
Me.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, you
Richelle Direny: Do that everybody deals with that but for you. You say nothing because saying something is what your mom would have done.
Richelle Direny: All the things that you have towards her. So every time your children do what children do which is talk back have attitude and do everything.
Richelle Direny: That they do that makes you picture yourself in that orange jumpsuit telling you the truth, it's okay because their kids.
Richelle Direny: But it doesn't change that you're a good loving, caring mom that will do anything for them.
Richelle Direny: It doesn't change that and that's what I want you to tell. I am a good loving mom that will do anything for my children every time you have a thought that you're not. I want you to tell yourself that I am a good loving mom that will do anything for my children and I am not my mother.
Richelle Direny: Those are the two things that we're gonna
Richelle Direny: OK.
Christina Meyers: OK, I will work on it.
Richelle Direny: Um, well, whether you said evenings are good for you.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so this is what I'll do. Let's do the teeth at four because the rest of the week, I'm booked for okay
Christina Meyers: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, you're in Christina so
Richelle Direny: Have a good one.
Christina Meyers: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Are a
Christina Meyers: Good loving mother.
Christina Meyers: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Or walk over, have a good one. Okay.
You to